FEA add temperature scaling to `CalibratedClassifierCV` (#31068)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/calibration.rst

are predicted separately. As those probabilities do not necessarily sum to
one, a postprocessing is performed to normalize them.

On the other hand, temperature scaling naturally supports multiclass
predictions by applying the softmax function.

Temperature Scaling
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For a multi-class classification problem with :math:`n` classes, temperature scaling
[9]_, `method="temperature"`, produces class probabilities by modifying the softmax
function with a temperature parameter :math:`T`:

.. math::

>        \mathrm{softmax}\left( \left[ \frac{z_1}{T},
>        \cdots, \frac{z_n}{T} \right] \right) \,,
> 
> where :math:`\left[z_1, \cdots, z_n \right]` are the logits for each class produced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       \mathrm{softmax}\left(\frac{z}{T}\right) \,,

where :math:`z` is the vector of logits for each class produced
```

by the calibrating estimator for a given sample. In terms of scikit-learn's API,
these correspond to the outputs of either :term:`decision_function` or

> :term:`predict_proba`. Probabilities are converted to logits by first adding a small
> positive constant to avoid taking the logarithm of zero, and then applying the natural
> logarithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:term:`predict_proba`. Probabilities are converted to logits by first adding a tiny
positive constant to avoid numerical issues with logarithm of zero, and then applying the natural
logarithm.
```

> Temperature scaling is equivalent to training a neural network with a single neuron
> activated by the softmax function. The parameter :math:`T` is learned by minimizing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Temperature scaling is equivalent to training a neural network with a single neuron
activated by the softmax function and the classifier output as input to the net. The parameter :math:`T` is learned by minimizing
```
For me, we could also remove this neural net part.

:func:`~sklearn.metrics.log_loss` (i.e. cross-entropy loss) on a validation set.
In scikit-learn’s implementation, the inverse temperature `beta = 1 / T`
is optimized instead, so that the calibrated probabilities are given by
`softmax(beta * logits)`.

Note that the temperature parameter :math:`T` (and hence `beta`) does not
affect the location of the maximum in the softmax output. Therefore, temperature
scaling does not alter the accuracy of the calibrating estimator.

> Advantages of temperature scaling include:
> 
> 1. It provides a natural way to obtain multi-class probabilities, avoiding the
>    common dilemma of choosing between "One-vs-One" and "One-vs-Rest" schemes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The big advantages of temperature scaling over other calibration methods is that it
provides a natural way to obtain (better) calibrated multi-class probabilities with just one free parameter in contrast to using a "One-vs-Rest" scheme that adds more parameters for each single class.
```

> 2. It offers a computationally efficient way to generate probability predictions.
> 
>    For example, :class:`~sklearn.svm.SVC` requires the parameter `probability=True`
>    in order to use :term:`predict_proba`, which increases training time.
>    Similarly, :class:`~sklearn.linear_model.SGDClassifier` supports :term:`predict_proba`
>    only when the `loss` parameter is set to `log_loss` or `modified_huber`.
> 
>    Temperature scaling, in contrast, requires training only a single scalar parameter
>    to produce probability estimates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
In my understanding, this is simply not correct.
